# Nickel_Dithiolene_Research_Experimental_Data
Init_Data
This is a data repository that support the findings in the manuscript "Electrochemically Modulated Separation of Olefin-Paraffin Gas Mixtures in Membrane Electrode Assemblies". All uploaded codes use Matlab software version 2022A or above. All codes can be run on operating system windows 10 or above on any PC with sufficient memory to run Matlab. Refer to the System Requirements Page for Matlab at https://www.mathworks.com/support/requirements/matlab-system-requirements.html for further information.

On matlab, run the script "Graph_Results_Summary_v01" to plot all relevant graphs that are shown in the main manuscript. Further details including Gas Chromatographs of all experimental recordings can be found in individual numbered data folder. To find the appropriate data folder, refer to the excel spreadsheet "Result_Summary" which contains tables of summary data. Each column is labeled by the data folder number to which it pertains to.

In each data folder, it contains all appropriate raw chromatograph data from the MIcro GC 990 as ASCII file in "Compiled_Data" folder. Matlab codes used to analyze the gas chromatographs and chronoamperometry data are also included in each numbered data folder. To output and analyze the raw chromatograph data, run the script "Micro_GC_990_Data_Spreadsheet_Summary_v01". Be sure to edit the path_address within the Matlab script to direct the code to analyze the raw files from the appropriate address in your computer (e.g. C:\Users\Default\Documents\Compiled_Data\). To output the graphs shown in the Supplementary Information, run the script MEA_Experimental_Result_v01. Raw Chronoamperometry data (as text file) from the Potentiostat is included in each numbered data folder.
